README.md, before:

- (required): I as a user can create to-do items, such as a grocery list.
- (required): I as another user can collaborate in real-time with user - so that we can (for example) edit our family shopping-list together.

- (developer): I as a user can use the App on both a Desktop and Mobile client and it will adjust accordingly.
- (developer): I as a user can mark all todos as complete using one button.
- (developer): I as a user can only have one todo item in edit mode at a time.
- (developer): I as a user can only add a todo item consisting of two or more characters.
- (developer): I as a user delete a todo item by pressing the delete button.
- (developer): I as a user on a desktop device can click the theme button a handle the application team.
- (developer): I as a user on a desktop device can double click on a todo item to edit it.
- (developer): I as a user on a mobile device can long press on a todo item to edit it.
- (developer): I as a user on a mobile device can long press anywhere else to open a dialog to handle different application team.

https://github.com/orgs/react-hook-form/discussions/8622

Commit message:

chore(README.md): add TODOs for future development tasks

README.md, after:

- (required): I as a user can create to-do items, such as a grocery list.
- (required): I as another user can collaborate in real-time with user - so that we can (for example) edit our family shopping-list together.

- (developer): I as a user can use the App on both a Desktop and Mobile client and it will adjust accordingly.
- (developer): I as a user can mark all todos as complete using one button.
- (developer): I as a user can only have one todo item in edit mode at a time.
- (developer): I as a user can only add a todo item consisting of two or more characters.
- (developer): I as a user delete a todo item by pressing the delete button.
- (developer): I as a user on a desktop device can click the theme button a handle the application team.
- (developer): I as a user on a desktop device can double click on a todo item to edit it.
- (developer): I as a user on a mobile device can long press on a todo item to edit it.
- (developer): I as a user on a mobile device can long press anywhere else to open a dialog to handle different application team.

#TODOS

- Write tests
- Persist Todos on the Node server
- Implement drag and drop sorting of Todos
- Login to access your todos.
- Share todo list with others through a sharing link.
- Filter todos by status: All, Active, Completed.

https://github.com/orgs/react-hook-form/discussions/8622
